docs/README_en.md, before:


<p align="center">
  <a href="https://veops.cn"><img src="images/logo.png" alt="维易CMDB" width="300"/></a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">Simple, lightweight, and versatile operational CMDB</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/veops/cmdb/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPLv3-brightgreen" alt="License: GPLv3"></a>
  <a href="https:https://github.com/sendya/ant-design-pro-vue"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/UI-Ant%20Design%20Pro%20Vue-brightgreen" alt="UI"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/pallets/flask"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/API-Flask-brightgreen" alt="API"></a>
</p>


------------------------------

[English](README_en.md) / [中文](../README.md)

## DEMO ONLINE
- Product document：https://veops.cn/docs/
- Preview online: <a href="https://cmdb.veops.cn" target="_blank">CMDB</a>
  - username: demo
  - password: 123456

> **ATTENTION**: branch `master` may be unstable as the result of continued development, please pull code from [releases](https://github.com/veops/cmdb/releases)

## Overview

### System Overview

<img src=images/dashboard.png />

[View more screenshots](screenshot.md)

### Document

- <a href="https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/98453732" target="_blank">Design Document</a>
- <a href="https://github.com/veops/cmdb/tree/master/docs/cmdb_api.md" target="_blank">API Documentation</a>
- <a href="https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/EflmmJ-qdUkddTx2hRt3pA" target="_blank">Practice of Tree View</a>

### Features

- Flexibility
  1. Standardize and manage complex data assets
  2. Automatically discover and inventory IT assets
- Security
  1. Fine-grained access control
  2. Comprehensive operation logs
- Multi-application
  1. Rich view display dimensions
  2. Provide Restful API
  3. Custom field triggers

### Main Features

- Model attributes support indexing, multiple values, default sorting, font color, and computed properties.
- Support automatic discovery, scheduled inspections, and file import.
- Support resource, tree view, and relationship view display.
- Support configuration and display of relationships between models.
- Fine-grained access control and comprehensive operation logs.
- Support cross-model search.



### More Features

> Welcome to visit VeOps official website to discover more free operations and maintenance systems.

## Installation

### One-Click Docker Quick Build

- Prepare: install docker and docker-compose
- In directory cmdb
  ```
  docker-compose up -d
  ```
- View: [http://127.0.0.1:8000](http://127.0.0.1:8000)
- username: demo or admin
- password: 123456


### [Local Setup](local_en.md)

### [Installation with Makefile](makefile_en.md)

## Contributing

1. Fork it
1. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-feature`)
1. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
1. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-feature`)
1. Create new Pull Request

---

_**Welcome to pay attention to our public account, click to contact us, join WeChat, QQ operation and maintenance group, and get more product and industry related information**_

![QQgroup](images/qrcode_for_gzh.jpg)

Commit message:

feature: add a new management script, such as install,start,pause,del… (#277)
* feature: add a new management script, such as install,start,pause,delete,uninstall

* doc: add install.sh method in readme

* doc: add install.sh method in readme, change install.sh for macos support

* doc: add install.sh method in readme

* doc: add install.sh method in readme

docs/README_en.md, after:


<p align="center">
  <a href="https://veops.cn"><img src="images/logo.png" alt="维易CMDB" width="300"/></a>
</p>
<h3 align="center">Simple, lightweight, and versatile operational CMDB</h3>
<p align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/veops/cmdb/blob/master/LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPLv3-brightgreen" alt="License: GPLv3"></a>
  <a href="https:https://github.com/sendya/ant-design-pro-vue"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/UI-Ant%20Design%20Pro%20Vue-brightgreen" alt="UI"></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/pallets/flask"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/API-Flask-brightgreen" alt="API"></a>
</p>


------------------------------

[English](README_en.md) / [中文](../README.md)

## DEMO ONLINE
- Product document：https://veops.cn/docs/
- Preview online: <a href="https://cmdb.veops.cn" target="_blank">CMDB</a>
  - username: demo
  - password: 123456

> **ATTENTION**: branch `master` may be unstable as the result of continued development, please pull code from [releases](https://github.com/veops/cmdb/releases)

## Overview

### System Overview

<img src=images/dashboard.png />

[View more screenshots](screenshot.md)

### Document

- <a href="https://zhuanlan.zhihu.com/p/98453732" target="_blank">Design Document</a>
- <a href="https://github.com/veops/cmdb/tree/master/docs/cmdb_api.md" target="_blank">API Documentation</a>
- <a href="https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/EflmmJ-qdUkddTx2hRt3pA" target="_blank">Practice of Tree View</a>

### Features

- Flexibility
  1. Standardize and manage complex data assets
  2. Automatically discover and inventory IT assets
- Security
  1. Fine-grained access control
  2. Comprehensive operation logs
- Multi-application
  1. Rich view display dimensions
  2. Provide Restful API
  3. Custom field triggers

### Main Features

- Model attributes support indexing, multiple values, default sorting, font color, and computed properties.
- Support automatic discovery, scheduled inspections, and file import.
- Support resource, tree view, and relationship view display.
- Support configuration and display of relationships between models.
- Fine-grained access control and comprehensive operation logs.
- Support cross-model search.



### More Features

> Welcome to visit VeOps official website to discover more free operations and maintenance systems.

## Installation

### One-Click Docker Quick Build

> Method 1
- step 1: **Prepare: install docker and docker-compose**
- step 2:  copy the repository
```shell 
git clone https://github.com/veops/cmdb.git
```
- step 3: In directory cmdb:
```
docker-compose up -d
```
> Method 2  Usefull for linux os.
- step 1: **Prepare: install docker and docker-compose**
- step 2: directly use the install.sh file in the project's root directory to `install`, `start`, `pause`, `status`, `delete`, and `uninstall` the application. 
```shell
curl -so install.sh https://raw.githubusercontent.com/veops/cmdb/master/install.sh 
sh install.sh install
```

- In directory cmdb
  ```
  docker-compose up -d
  ```


### [Local Setup](local_en.md)

### [Installation with Makefile](makefile_en.md)

## Validation

- View: [http://127.0.0.1:8000](http://127.0.0.1:8000)
- username: demo or admin
- password: 123456

## Contributing

1. Fork it
1. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-feature`)
1. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
1. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-feature`)
1. Create new Pull Request

---

_**Welcome to pay attention to our public account, click to contact us, join WeChat, QQ operation and maintenance group, and get more product and industry related information**_

![QQgroup](images/qrcode_for_gzh.jpg)
